Manager Manuel Pellegrini says Manchester City's Sergio Aguero is the best striker in the Premier League.

Aguero, 27, scored a hat-trick against Chelsea on Saturday to move to 21 league goals this season, one behind leading scorer Harry Kane of Tottenham.

The Argentine has scored 99 Premier League goals in five seasons at City.

"Sergio makes the difference when he's playing every game, every week. I am sure he is the best striker in this league," said Pellegrini.

This is the second consecutive season in which Aguero has struck more than 20 goals, having managed 26 last term.

But despite another prolific season, Aguero has not been included on the shortlist for the Professional Footballers' Association Player of the Year.

"It is very strange that Sergio has played so many years here and has never been the best player in the Premier League," added the Chilean.

###

Napoli's hopes of catching Serie A leaders Juventus were dealt a further blow with a 2-0 defeat at Inter Milan.

A second loss in three league games leaves Napoli six points behind the defending champions, who are at home to Palermo on Sunday (14:00 BST).

Captain Mauro Icardi put Inter ahead with his 15th goal of the season before Marcelo Brozovic doubled the lead.

Roberto Mancini's side moved to within three points of Roma in the third Champions League qualification place.

Roma are away to Atalanta on Sunday (11.30 BST).

Napoli, still missing suspended top scorer Gonzalo Higuain, have just five games left to try and overhaul champions Juventus to win a first league title since 1990.

###

Gareth Bale reached 16 goals for the first time in a La Liga season as Real Madrid thrashed Getafe 5-1 to move one point behind leaders Barcelona.

Real's seventh successive league win kept alive their hopes of a first title since 2012 and sent neighbours Getafe to the bottom of the table.

Karim Benzema put Real ahead and after Isco made it 2-0 at half-time, Bale raced clear to add the third.

Getafe replied before James Rodriguez and Cristiano Ronaldo added late goals.

Barca, who have taken just one point from the last possible nine, play at home to Valencia on Sunday (19:30 BST).

Real kept the pressure on the defending champions, while Juan Esnaider made a losing start as Getafe's new coach. His side have now lost 11 of their past 13 games.